StemGames is a discontinued game site that ran from January 2024 to May 2024, and served about 10k+ users.
It was discontinued because of a long story:
StemGames was made in 4 days by me as a temporary game site for my school because the then most popular game site at my school, MacVG (which was also made by me, believe it or not) was shut down by me.
The reason I shut MacVG down was because there was a risk of teachers finding out about the game site and who made it (pretty much everyone at school knows that I made it), and I might get in huge troubles.
It was also tiring making a game site, so I shut it down, and everyone was very unhappy. To solve this problem, I discussed with my friends and came up with a solution: StemGames.
I'm gonna make a brand new game site with less games (because of time) and a brand new UI as fast as possible, without people finding out who made it, so people can have a game site to play games on, with nobody knowing who made it, thus getting me out of trouble.
So I spent my whole weekend and snow days working on it for hours everyday, until it was finally done. Everyone thought it was a rip-off of MacVG and nobody suspected a thing, everyone was playing games happily, the plan worked.
After a couple months, I started getting annoyed, because everyone was playing StemGames, the temporary game site I spent little effort on, compared to MacVG (which nobody plays), which I spend almost all my free time developing with tons more games and features.
My annoyance grew more and more, until I finally decided to risk it and republish MacVG, the game site I spent too much time developing.
Surprisingly, more tha half the school still uses StemGames (probably because of the progress they'd already made on it) even though MacVG is back up with a bunch of new games, features, and more.
This drove me crazy, and even after pushing out even more games, updates, and promoting MacVG to everyone, people are still using StemGames. As school's about to end in mid June, I decided now is the perfect time to shut down StemGames, and make everyone come back to MacVG.
That's why I made a notice on StemGames saying that I'm discontinuing StemGames, with a link to MacVG on the announcement. People figured out I probably made StemGames, and were mad at me, but at least they've used StemGames for fun and entertainment and StemGames had indeed served well for a temprerory game site when MacVG was down.
So in conclusion, StemGames has (over)achieved its purpose and served my school's gaming needs well when MacVG was down. But to make everyone play on the game site I spent way more time and effort developing, MacVG, I shut down StemGames to regain my MacVG users and finally pay my hardworking on MacVG off (does it really count as paying off if I'm not earning one single dollar from either game site?).

After writing this monster paragraph that no one's gonna read, I realized how much influence I have over my school and how important a game site is to normal students. They don't care about the features or my efforts on MacVG, they just care about their games and their progresses. This has taught me a lot, thanks, StemGames.
